docs: Initial MVUx overview (#1251)
unoplatform/uno.extensions: doc/Overview/Reactive/How-tos/CreateSimpleFeed.md

---
uid: Overview.Reactive.HowTos.CreateSimpleFeed
---

# How to create a simple feed

> 1. Create an MVUX project by following the steps in [this](CreateMvuxProject.md) tutorial, and name your project `WeatherApp`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create an MVUX project by following the steps in [this](xref:Overview.Reactive.HowTos.CreateMvuxProject) tutorial, and name your project `WeatherApp`.
```

1. Add a class named *DataStore.cs*, and replace its content with the following:

  ```c#
  namespace WeatherApp;

  public partial record WeatherInfo(int Temperature);

  public class WeatherService
  {       
      public async ValueTask<WeatherInfo> GetCurrentWeather(CancellationToken ct)
      {
          // Fake delay to immitate requesting from a remote server
          await Task.Delay(TimeSpan.FromSeconds(2), ct);

          // assign a random number ranged -40-40.
          var temperature = new Random().Next(-40, 40);

          return new WeatherInfo(temperature);
      }
  }
  ```

  We're using [records](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/builtin-types/record) in purpose,
  as records are immutable and ensure purity of objects.

1. Create a file named *WeatherModel.cs* replacing its content with the following:

```c#

> public partial record WeatherModel
> {
>     private readonly WeatherService _weatherService = new();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
public partial record WeatherModel(WeatherService Weather){
```

Reviewer: Preference is for WeatherService to be injected
